how's it going guys
I'm line from tech shift and tonight I
want to show you blackberry messenger
for iOS 7 now if you don't know what
blackberry messenger is it's an instant
messenger application that was
originally for blackberry only
blackberry but more recently about three
months ago it was ported over to iOS 7
any Android but here I have the iPhone
5s so I'm going to show you it now you
can get it directly from the app store
for free
I'm gonna show you you can either search
bbm or blackberry messenger
type in DBM here you can download it I
already have a download so I can just
click open or of course click the icon
and once you click it you can see all
your chats now the experience you find
for blackberry messenger on iOS 7 is
very similar to what you find on
BlackBerry 10 that is all the gestures
are there as you can see I can slide
over swipe over and get to chats
contacts groups updates and invites and
exploit back over to get right back to
the list of chats now my girlfriend does
have blackberry messenger because
because she has the blackberry q10 so
I'm going to show you a little
demonstration now here she's gonna make
her cameo appearance I can send our
message hello help hello and as you see
beside my hello there's a D that means
the message was delivered and as soon as
she gets into the conversation the hello
has a little all right beside it because
it's officially been read and if I type
something as you can see it right below
my name on her phone it says Len is
writing a message that means of course
I'm writing a message and it says here
Brittany's writing message because right
now she's currently typing something to
me and there's the message and sent to
her one more message pi
and of course you can take a picture
from here text took one use the photo
and I can send it directly from here
I can also select a picture from my
gallery
I can also record a voice note and send
it right to her
I can send emoticons about three pages
of them from chats I can also invite
more people I don't have too many
contacts from bbm but yeah I can if I
had more and if she had a profile
picture it would display right on top
here let me get that focus it would
display right on top there
now again right back to the main chats I
can swipe over again get to my contacts
all the contacts here I have my
girlfriend Britney phase Ally on YouTube
set and sets brother bought anak and of
course throughout the whole thing you
can see my picture right on top with my
nephew you can see again of the contacts
yeah I can search for contacts
it said that's dead type set in there is
his profile image this is his car and
have there's a little section for groups
where you can chat wood you can have a
little conversation with a few people
have a circles group for tech shift
where we keep up keep updated with all
of our website posts or future videos
I'm also in a little tight group it's a
very small group but every now and then
I get a message that I join into here is
the updates and updates is as if anyone
in your contacts updates anything
whether it's a message or non message
whether it's a headline for their
profile or an image for their profile
picture it would update here as you can
see here it says Britney changed heard
Britney change display pictures a change
display picture set deleted q10 review
from his list from the tech shift
timeline in group circle so you know
it's a post he wrote back wrote a while
back again I can slide right back to
invites here I can invite someone to be
they have a blackberry message already
device I'll invite to bbm I can invite
them with my I can fight with Bipin by
email by text message here is sent
that's it if I send someone in fight
it'll be stored right there and as you
can see from the bottom there's a little
shortcut to it all again chats contacts
in groups and very similarly to
BlackBerry 10 again you have the three
dots that pretty much goes to all your
settings and if you have help settings
invite to bbm tell your friends share
pin create new group join a group that's
all there it's a very nice application
the only thing that's missing is video
chat and if my phone if this if once
they get video chats you're gonna see a
little icon at the top right they'll be
like a little camera icon you can click
on and it's supposed to be released in
early 2014 or early 2014 which is now so
I hope it's released soon see ya guys
that's pretty much it for blackberry
messenger for the iPhone iOS 7 and of
course Android hope you guys enjoyed
this short video I'll sure be getting
some more videos up soon have a nice one
see